hello and welcome back youtubers on /
tamari on today's review is goat
simulator goat simulator was developed
by coffee stain studios and is available
for PC on Steam client it was released
April first 2014 and this is no April
Fool's or joke this is a real game it
only has the ability to play in single
player right now and again you can only
get it for steam as of now anyone who
will pre-ordered this got at three days
earlier such as myself and I've been
having a great time playing goat
simulator why would you want to play
goat simulator what does it offer why in
the world would anybody want to play
this game well first off goat simulator
is a third-person game in which the
player controls the goat there's not
exactly any kind of story liner plot
it's more of a free realm game where the
goat has to accomplish certain things
using the players logic to do so the
game itself is set in a very small town
maybe not even a town just a small area
and it's confined to this area but
there's a lot of stuff you can do in
this area there's a waterslide to pull
couple houses you know some back
cornwood the place or there's fields and
stuff a mountain antigravity chamber gas
station and then under construction site
all set there for mayhem for your goat
the goat itself and the controls are
pretty fluent considering the name of
the game you wouldn't really think
trolling a goat would be that easy
however it it really is you're given
several abilities like being able to
jump run charge head butt lick bah and
bite things
and more or less you can have your goat
climb up things like it nor I wouldn't
normally be able to like you can climb a
ladder up to a crane or you can climb
ladders you can hop on boxes to get over
fences and things like that however your
objectives are what's going to drive the
game you can do custom games just have a
silly fun time but yet there are
objectives in the game accomplishing
these objectives will give you greater
objectives for examples and most simple
objectives are jump you know jump by lik
do a frontflip do a backflip and then
they progressively get harder accomplish
three front flips and land them
perfectly stay in the air for 29 seconds
things like that with these objectives
comes your abilities use the environment
to keep your goat doing that specified
thing and that length the amount of time
the simulator isn't exactly too taxing
and I was able to run it pretty easily
though it does have settings to decrease
it if your computer or PC is not up to
snuff as it were so if you're interested
in getting this it's a very fun game the
main goal is to just wreak havoc on this
place and to just really cost some
problems in the community for these
people they'll be points where you'll be
up do certain cool things like interrupt
the dinner or you know enter the
antigravity chamber and things like that
and just have a really good time with
physics and stuff like that you're a
goat man I mean you're not Master Chief
you're not going through uncharted
you're not kratos you're not mari you're
freaking goat yeah it's like what
overall I'm not gonna rate this game in
a realistic fashion if you want to get
this game it really is between you and
your wallet if it seems fun from the
gameplay then by all means pick it up if
it doesn't then don't it's that
simple ladies and gentlemen the music is
very very funny it's just crazy and the
things that you can do in the world are
excellent and fun from blowing up a car
with a headbutt to blowing up a gas
station with a headbutt to looking
people to sending people flying it just
depends on your taste and what you want
to do in the simulation game overall I
enjoyed my time with it and I actually
haven't found any glitches that broke
the game so for those games that are
extremely serious that half game
breaking glitches take a page from my
game that's extremely silly with none so
far I'm Pro tamari and I'm signing out
and even though I'm not really rating
goat simulator I give it an a-plus for
thinking outside the box and having a
great time no you know what this gets an
X ray P because no one's ever made a
goat simulating game so it does
everything right and it does it
differently thanks for watching and
happy I hope you enjoyed that video and
now time for a public service
announcement I'm pretty Marya leader of
the Maverick rebellion are you tired of
giant YouTube partners never replying to
any comments are you sick and tired of
seeing large YouTube partners making
great videos but never releasing any for
weeks at a time are you tired of the
mundane continuous reality that keeps
being pushed in your face copyright
violations videos being taken down on
YouTube join the rebellion today and
become a maverick we're all of that will
change for you just click the subscribe
button you'll be in great hands I'm Pro
to Mario and I approve this message
Mavericks unite
you
gaming